Enabled minor modes: Auto-Compression Auto-Encryption Blink-Cursor
Column-Number File-Name-Shadow Font-Lock Global-Font-Lock
Global-Hl-Line Global-Visible-Mark Line-Number Menu-Bar Mouse-Wheel
Recentf Show-Paren Size-Indication Tooltip Transient-Mark Visible-Mark

(Information about these minor modes follows the major mode info.)

Occur mode:
Major mode for output from M-s o.
Move point to one of the items in this buffer, then use
RET to go to the occurrence that the item refers to.
Alternatively, click <mouse-2> on an item to go to it.

key             binding
---             -------

C-c             Prefix Command
RET             occur-mode-goto-occurrence
C-o             occur-mode-display-occurrence
ESC             Prefix Command
SPC             occur-mode-display-occurrence
-               fit-window-to-buffer
c               clone-buffer
f               next-error-follow-minor-mode
g               revert-buffer
h               highlight-regexp
m               multi-occur-in-matching-buffers
n               occur-next
o               occur-mode-goto-occurrence-other-window
p               occur-prev
q               quit-window
r               occur-rename-buffer
u               rename-uniquely
z               kill-this-buffer
<clone-buffer>  clone-buffer
<kill-this-buffer>              kill-this-buffer
<mouse-2>       occur-mode-mouse-goto
<next-error-follow-minor-mode>  next-error-follow-minor-mode
<occur-mode-display-occurrence>
                                occur-mode-display-occurrence
<occur-mode-goto-occurrence>    occur-mode-goto-occurrence
<occur-mode-goto-occurrence-other-window>
                                occur-mode-goto-occurrence-other-window
<occur-next>                    occur-next
<occur-prev>                    occur-prev
<occur-rename-buffer>           occur-rename-buffer
<quit-window>                   quit-window
<revert-buffer>                 revert-buffer

M-n             occur-next
M-p             occur-prev

C-c C-c         occur-mode-goto-occurrence
C-c C-f         next-error-follow-minor-mode



Auto-Compression minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle automatic file compression and uncompression.
With prefix argument ARG, turn auto compression on if positive, else off.
Return the new status of auto compression (non-nil means on).

Auto-Encryption minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle automatic file encryption and decryption.
With prefix argument ARG, turn auto encryption on if positive, else off.
Return the new status of auto encryption (non-nil means on).

Blink-Cursor minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle blinking cursor mode.
With a numeric argument, turn blinking cursor mode on if ARG is positive,
otherwise turn it off.  When blinking cursor mode is enabled, the
cursor of the selected window blinks.

Note that this command is effective only when Emacs
displays through a window system, because then Emacs does its own
cursor display.  On a text-only terminal, this is not implemented.

Column-Number minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Column Number mode.
With ARG, turn Column Number mode on if ARG is positive,
otherwise turn it off.  When Column Number mode is enabled, the
column number appears in the mode line.

File-Name-Shadow minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle File-Name Shadow mode.
When active, any part of a filename being read in the minibuffer
that would be ignored (because the result is passed through
`substitute-in-file-name') is given the properties in
`file-name-shadow-properties', which can be used to make
that portion dim, invisible, or otherwise less visually noticeable.

With prefix argument ARG, turn on if positive, otherwise off.
Returns non-nil if the new state is enabled.

Font-Lock minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Font Lock mode.
With arg, turn Font Lock mode off if and only if arg is a non-positive
number; if arg is nil, toggle Font Lock mode; anything else turns Font
Lock on.
(Font Lock is also known as "syntax highlighting".)

When Font Lock mode is enabled, text is fontified as you type it:

 - Comments are displayed in `font-lock-comment-face';
 - Strings are displayed in `font-lock-string-face';
 - Certain other expressions are displayed in other faces according to the
   value of the variable `font-lock-keywords'.

To customize the faces (colors, fonts, etc.) used by Font Lock for
fontifying different parts of buffer text, use M-x customize-face.

You can enable Font Lock mode in any major mode automatically by turning on in
the major mode's hook.  For example, put in your ~/.emacs:

 (add-hook 'c-mode-hook 'turn-on-font-lock)

Alternatively, you can use Global Font Lock mode to automagically turn on Font
Lock mode in buffers whose major mode supports it and whose major mode is one
of `font-lock-global-modes'.  For example, put in your ~/.emacs:

 (global-font-lock-mode t)

Where major modes support different levels of fontification, you can use
the variable `font-lock-maximum-decoration' to specify which level you
generally prefer.  When you turn Font Lock mode on/off the buffer is
fontified/defontified, though fontification occurs only if the buffer is
less than `font-lock-maximum-size'.

To add your own highlighting for some major mode, and modify the highlighting
selected automatically via the variable `font-lock-maximum-decoration', you can
use `font-lock-add-keywords'.

To fontify a buffer, without turning on Font Lock mode and regardless of buffer
size, you can use M-x font-lock-fontify-buffer.

To fontify a block (the function or paragraph containing point, or a number of
lines around point), perhaps because modification on the current line caused
syntactic change on other lines, you can use M-o M-o.

See the variable `font-lock-defaults-alist' for the Font Lock mode default
settings.  You can set your own default settings for some mode, by setting a
buffer local value for `font-lock-defaults', via its mode hook.

The above is the default behavior of `font-lock-mode'; you may specify
your own function which is called when `font-lock-mode' is toggled via
`font-lock-function'. 

Global-Font-Lock minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Font-Lock mode in every possible buffer.
With prefix ARG, turn Global-Font-Lock mode on if and only if
ARG is positive.
Font-Lock mode is enabled in all buffers where
`turn-on-font-lock-if-desired' would do it.
See `font-lock-mode' for more information on Font-Lock mode.

Global-Hl-Line minor mode (no indicator):
Global minor mode to highlight the line about point in the current window.
With ARG, turn Global-Hl-Line mode on if ARG is positive, off otherwise.

Global-Hl-Line mode uses the functions `global-hl-line-unhighlight' and
`global-hl-line-highlight' on `pre-command-hook' and `post-command-hook'.

Global-Visible-Mark minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Visible-Mark mode in every possible buffer.
With prefix ARG, turn Global-Visible-Mark mode on if and only if
ARG is positive.
Visible-Mark mode is enabled in all buffers where
`visible-mark-mode-maybe' would do it.
See `visible-mark-mode' for more information on Visible-Mark mode.

Line-Number minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Line Number mode.
With ARG, turn Line Number mode on if ARG is positive, otherwise
turn it off.  When Line Number mode is enabled, the line number
appears in the mode line.

Line numbers do not appear for very large buffers and buffers
with very long lines; see variables `line-number-display-limit'
and `line-number-display-limit-width'.

Menu-Bar minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle display of a menu bar on each frame.
This command applies to all frames that exist and frames to be
created in the future.
With a numeric argument, if the argument is positive,
turn on menu bars; otherwise, turn off menu bars.

Mouse-Wheel minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle mouse wheel support.
With prefix argument ARG, turn on if positive, otherwise off.
Return non-nil if the new state is enabled.

Recentf minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle recentf mode.
With prefix argument ARG, turn on if positive, otherwise off.
Returns non-nil if the new state is enabled.

When recentf mode is enabled, it maintains a menu for visiting files
that were operated on recently.

Show-Paren minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Show Paren mode.
With prefix ARG, turn Show Paren mode on if and only if ARG is positive.
Returns the new status of Show Paren mode (non-nil means on).

When Show Paren mode is enabled, any matching parenthesis is highlighted
in `show-paren-style' after `show-paren-delay' seconds of Emacs idle time.

Size-Indication minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Size Indication mode.
With ARG, turn Size Indication mode on if ARG is positive,
otherwise turn it off.  When Size Indication mode is enabled, the
size of the accessible part of the buffer appears in the mode line.

Tooltip minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Tooltip mode.
With ARG, turn Tooltip mode on if and only if ARG is positive.
When this minor mode is enabled, Emacs displays help text
in a pop-up window for buttons and menu items that you put the mouse on.
(However, if `tooltip-use-echo-area' is non-nil, this and
all pop-up help appears in the echo area.)

When Tooltip mode is disabled, Emacs displays one line of
the help text in the echo area, and does not make a pop-up window.

Transient-Mark minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Transient Mark mode.
With ARG, turn Transient Mark mode on if ARG is positive, off otherwise.

In Transient Mark mode, when the mark is active, the region is highlighted.
Changing the buffer "deactivates" the mark.
So do certain other operations that set the mark
but whose main purpose is something else--for example,
incremental search, <, and >.

You can also deactivate the mark by typing C-g or
M-ESC ESC.

Many commands change their behavior when Transient Mark mode is in effect
and the mark is active, by acting on the region instead of their usual
default part of the buffer's text.  Examples of such commands include
M-;, M-x flush-lines, M-x keep-lines, M-%, C-M-%, M-x ispell, and C-x u.
Invoke C-h d and type "transient" or
"mark.*active" at the prompt, to see the documentation of
commands which are sensitive to the Transient Mark mode.

Visible-Mark minor mode (no indicator):
A mode to make the mark visible.

[back]
